Clarify some Channel/Message Types' API Version availability (#4967)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

###### Message Types

> warn

> > Type `19` and `20` are only in API v8 and higher. In v6, they are still type `0`.  Type `21` is only in API v9 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Type `19` and `20` are only available in API v8 and higher. In v6, they are represented as type `0`.  Additionally, type `21` is only available in API v9 and higher.
```

Author: Added in 15abf0aa376c3d893bdf02432e40206d2cbdf946 -- thanks for taking a look!
